Update Doc Handbook for Week 9-11 (#2953)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/docs/Release-Timeline.md

Be congnizant of the status of the release blog post as merging and publishing the release blog post is a significant step on release day e.g., [1.21 release blog](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/27233).

## Late Steps (Weeks 9-11) - Prep for the Release

> **Time Required:** ~4-6 hours total

Reviewer: I think it would better to drop the time-estimation because the Final Release Note Prep can vary from release to release. We would rather write a line or two of what is expected in these two weeks.

### ⚠️ Final Release Notes Preparation (CRITICAL TASK)

> [!Important]

> > This is a **Docs Lead responsibility** and a **time-intensive task**. Start this process as early as possible (after last Release Note PR is merged), as it can take considerable time depending on the number of release note PRs throughout the cycle.

Reviewer: Starting after the last Release Notes PR is merged would be too late, as release notes typically diminish after each RC. This process should begin around Docs Freeze, as noted in the calendar, with reviews completed approximately before the final `rc1` release.
Reviews are required from SIG-Docs, the Release Lead, Shadows, and SIG Chairs and Tech Leads (they need to be intimated to look through their Release Notes changes).
This puts the Docs Lead in a comfortable position to incorporate the final RC-1 changes and merge before the release cut.

   # Clone your fork
   git clone https://github.com/${USERNAME}/sig-release.git
   cd sig-release
   
   # Create a new branch for final release notes review
   git checkout -b ${USERNAME}/v[future-release]-final-release-notes-review
   ```

2. **Review and Edit Release Notes Files**
   - Navigate to `releases/release-[future-release]/release-notes/`
   - Review and edit both files: `release-notes-draft.json` and `release-notes-draft.md`
   - Ensure conformance to [Documentation Style Guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/)
   - Check: consistent tone, grammar, clarity, appropriate technical detail
   - **⚠️ Keep both files in sync with identical changes**

3. **Commit and Create PR**
   ```bash
   git add releases/release-[future-release]/release-notes/
   git commit -m "Final review and cleanup of v[future-release] release notes"
   git push origin ${USERNAME}/v[future-release]-final-release-notes-review
   ```

4. **Open PR for Peer Review**
   - Create PR against `kubernetes/sig-release` repository
   - Title: `Final review and cleanup of v[future-release] release notes`
   - Request review from:
     - Docs Team Shadows
     - SIG Docs reviewers

>      - Release Team Lead

Reviewer: Add to post to chairs-and-techleads channel

I dropped this message for v1.36 release
https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/CD6LAC15M/p1776792956903419

Reviewer: Also, add text to prepare everything before the final week starts i.e with the reviews, lgtm and approval.

**Example PR:** [v1.35 Final Release Notes Review](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/pull/2928)

---

### Coordinate with SIG Docs for Release Day Support

This is to confirm SIG Docs support availability for release day tasks and ensure generated documentation is ready.

**Action Items:**
- Join upcoming SIG Docs meeting (or reach out on [#sig-docs](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/sig-docs) if meeting is missed)
- Send coordination message to SIG Docs chairs/leads
- Confirm release day support availability
- Verify generated documentation readiness

> **Sample Message (post in [#sig-docs](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/sig-docs) slack channel and also bring to notice during SIG Docs meeting):**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Sample Message (post in [#sig-docs](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/sig-docs) Slack channel and also bring to attention during the SIG Docs meeting):**
```

```
Hi @sig-docs-leads 👋

The v[future release] release is scheduled for **[Day], [Date] at [Time] [Timezone]**.

**Need from SIG Docs:**

> 1. **Release day support** - Who can help with Netlify configuration updates and release blog post publication?

Reviewer: Instead of specifying the task, it would better to draft in a manner where who will be a PoC for helping the docs lead with the tasks, and questions

2. **Generated docs status** - Please confirm these are ready: Kubernetes API reference, kubectl documentation, components documentation.

Thank you!
```

---

### Verify SIG Cluster Lifecycle (kubeadm) Documentation

This is to ensure kubeadm-related documentation is complete and ready for the release.

**Action Items:**
- Validate kubeadm documentation completeness

> - Send verification message to [#sig-cluster-lifecycle](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/sig-cluster-lifecycle/) slack channel

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Send verification message to [#sig-cluster-lifecycle](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/sig-cluster-lifecycle/) Slack channel
```

Be congnizant of the status of the release blog post as merging and publishing the release blog post is a significant step on release day e.g., [1.21 release blog](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/27233).

## Late Steps (Weeks 9-11) - Prep for the Release

During these weeks, the Docs Lead focuses on finalizing release notes, coordinating with SIG Docs and SIG Cluster Lifecycle, and ensuring all documentation is ready for release day.

### ⚠️ Final Release Notes Preparation (CRITICAL TASK)

> [!Important]
> This is a **Docs Lead responsibility** and a **time-intensive task**. Release notes accumulate throughout the cycle as changes progress through `alpha` → `beta` → `rc` (Release Candidate) → Final release cut.  

> > Start this process around **Docs Freeze** (as noted in the release calendar), since release notes typically diminish after each `rc`. Aim to have reviews completed before the final `rc.1` release, so you are in a comfortable position to incorporate any final `rc.1` changes and merge before the release cut.

Reviewer: I know this sentence is getting complicated in terms of the complexity - Can you also add, that the finals changes needs also review so "incorporate and get review on the `rc.1` changes."

Author: Done

   git checkout -b ${USERNAME}/v[future-release]-final-release-notes-review
   ```

2. **Review and Edit Release Notes Files**
   - Navigate to `releases/release-[future-release]/release-notes/`
   - Review and edit both files: `release-notes-draft.json` and `release-notes-draft.md`
   - Ensure conformance to [Documentation Style Guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/)
   - Check: consistent tone, grammar, clarity, appropriate technical detail
   - **⚠️ Keep both files in sync with identical changes**

3. **Commit and Create PR**
   ```bash
   git add releases/release-[future-release]/release-notes/
   git commit -m "Final review and cleanup of v[future-release] release notes"
   git push origin ${USERNAME}/v[future-release]-final-release-notes-review
   ```

4. **Open PR for Peer Review**
   - Create PR against `kubernetes/sig-release` repository
   - Title: `Final review and cleanup of v[future-release] release notes`
   - Request review from:
     - Docs Team Shadows
     - SIG Docs reviewers
     - Release Lead
     - SIG Chairs and Tech Leads (they need to review release notes changes relevant to their SIGs)

>    - Post in [#chairs-and-techleads](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/CD6LAC15M) to notify SIG Chairs/Tech Leads to look through their release notes changes

Reviewer: Should we add the template instead of the message?

Author: Great Idea! I have added now

Have a Release Manager lgtm the dates on the PR.

> This PR can be merged on release day by the Docs lead.

Reviewer: Could you please move these two lines [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/sig-release/pull/2953/changes#diff-f0f313d56a6fbf990236fbf8f7c81d993c680a6c085420ae1e6d307bb1a86e38R732)

This would help set the focus before starting with the updating the files. Could you placed as bullet items with and Actions achor.
